SPCTR-2847 - Fix: Team - Alignment is not working when we use the team block on RTL site. (#3174)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: Team - Alignment does not function properly when the team block is used in RTL mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Team - Resolved an issue in which the alignment would not function properly when the Team block is used in RTL mode.
```

Author: Updated. Please check
